instead of sla it is true comfort of
technician of the trapani salsa cosmi le
I ask immediately
oh well these are games that find the
time that they find, however, to win
against the team in series and I guess
that for his locker room is a lot
important on a mental level
yes no you don't have to be a hypocrite in
say that these results do not
pleasure because I know one then
the team asks for certain things and
when he gets it you always belittle it
saying that if it is a match of
championship
actually this is how the preseason can
be deceitful if you don't understand
and the results and performance therefore me
I'm at today
satisfied with what the trapani has
done but not in the results right in the
the way he faces opponents
obviously stronger
here is a trapani that has some verona
nicolas arrived a few days ago
today they were already seen with the new one
uniform hernesto big doctor a
player I know you have strongly
wanted trapani here tells us a
moment the choice of both nicolas and
big tower
well nicolas we were looking for a
goalkeeper I knew him and verona e
in the launch experience he already had
proved to be more than reliable
at the right age the right reasons for
to be a holder and therefore to
consequently being a protagonist
torregrossa a little bit now I don't want
say a ball of mine that was a player
which I like because it is modern as they say
in large it is not young and return too
he the right idea and I believe with anna
drills a society in a serious context
serious can do nothing but do it
improve maybe re-propose verona in
definitive manner is a reliable test
for him therefore obviously his
explosion we look forward to seeing you at
drills that consequently that the
cameron has absolutely seen that
mister came drills with the formula
of the dry loan therefore this is a
testify that she believes the spur
a lot of arrest is good for you
because I repeat from what I saw
the past year in previously a
player who has so much but so much for
this category
it just needs to improve, perhaps in phase
embodiment
in some situations, however, I repeat drills
not for him
for players of that age group
even younger
I think it's the unreal situation
I repeat it now serious is
city ​​to live in a way
positive
however, there are no more digressions
much and when I am there I take care of it
here is the one inside just as you point
I ask her about the last bar
here's how I saw it and verona lacked tones
I missed so many players I ask
this crazy tones coexistence is more
that feasible, of course , but you want
say I believe that with tones
everyone can be able to
express their qualities then
absolutely yes today you could see that that is
that the workloads were packed
in short, they had been remarkable
therefore consequently start again as
they did it was even more expensive
but verona I don't have to find out I know
but he chose a continuity management
technique and that I believe is already a
great signal
the public society I want to say is from
another category
indeed the series does not exist and therefore there
are all the premises for retracing
what verona route in these
last years